Server-side metrics docs (#1411)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/grafana-agent/_index.md

The Agent can take advantage of the span data flowing through the pipeline to generate Prometheus metrics.

Go to [Span metrics](../server_side_metrics/span_metrics) for a more detailed explanation of the feature.

> #### Service graphs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Service graph metrics
```

> Service graphs are the representations of the relationships between services within a distributed system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service graph metrics represent the relationships between services within a distributed system.
```

This service graphs processor builds a map of services by analysing traces, with the objective to find _egdes_.
Edges are spans with a parent-child relationship, that represent a jump (e.g. a request) between two services.

> The amount of request and their duration are recorded as metrics, which are used to represent the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of requests and their duration are recorded as metrics, which are used to represent the graph.
```

> To read more about this processor, go to its [section](service_graphs.md)

Reviewer: unsure about these links. I think it might be `[section](./service-graphs)`. You can test by going to running `make docs-test`. It will locally host a rendered version of our docs.
